Add `Global Moderation Team applications now open!` news post (#12928)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2025/2025-03-09-gmt-apps-now-open.md

---
layout: post

> title: Global Moderation Team applications now open!

Reviewer: title case for news titles, generally

```suggestion
title: Global Moderation Team Applications Now Open!
```

date: 2025-03-09 12:00:00 +0000
---

If you have a burning passion towards the osu! community, and have great interest in keeping osu! safe for everyone, this is your time to shine.

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/gmt-generic.jpg)

The [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/People/Global_Moderation_Team) has been a part of the game in some shape or form from its inception. If you are not aware of what we do, the team is responsible for overseeing the entire osu! platform, as well as assist community members with any queries, regardless of the nature.

The team's reach is far and wide. From chats, comments, forums, to various community projects and the mapping community at large, we are always looking to expand our reach and make sure that everyone feels safe and welcome, and that any inappropriate activities get properly dealt with.

If this sounds like something you want to be a part of, we want you to apply!

### Application criteria

> Before your scroll down to the bottom of the news post and press that apply link, we must go through a couple of criteria relating to your soon-to-be submitted application:

Reviewer: typo

```suggestion
Before you scroll down to the bottom of the news post and press that apply link, we must go through a couple of criteria relating to your soon-to-be submitted application:
```

> - **You must be at least 18 years old. This is [NOT negotiable](https://osu.ppy.sh/legal/Terms#your-responsibilities-in-volunteer-positions).** As part of the Global Moderation Team, you will come in contact with inappropriate content that's not suitable for everyone.

Reviewer: [pedantic nit](https://osu.ppy.sh/wiki/en/Article_styling_criteria/Writing#logical-quotation)

```suggestion
- **You must be at least 18 years old. This is [NOT negotiable](https://osu.ppy.sh/legal/Terms#your-responsibilities-in-volunteer-positions)**. As part of the Global Moderation Team, you will come in contact with inappropriate content that's not suitable for everyone.
```

> - **Your account must be at least one year old.** This is to make sure that you accrued some tenure within the osu! community before applying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Your account must be at least one year old.** This is to make sure that you've accrued some tenure within the osu! community before applying.
```

- You must be active within the osu! community. We expect prospective moderators to be active within the communities they are interested in moderating. While metrics are not the be-all and end-all when evaluating your applications, there is a level of activity that's expected.
- If selected, you will need to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](/wiki/Rules/Contributor_Code_of_Conduct).

As always, we will look through every single application, but if you fit into the following categories, we'll count that as a plus:

> - you speak Turkish on a near-native level, being active in `#turkish` is a plus

Reviewer: these should start with a capital letter in basically any case, except maybe when using "..."
these are also all comma splices

Author: i had to look up what comma splices are, hopefully https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/12928/commits/a166066e22b4b2cdfc3f5d55c8f424ffeaf93eb5 is fine

> - You speak Turkish on a near-native level; being active in `#turkish` and Turkish communities is a plus

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You speak Turkish on a near-native level; being active in `#turkish` and Turkish communities is a plus.
```

Reviewer 2: yeah i thought it would be nice to add those tbh but oh well

> - You speak Ukrainian on a near-native level; being active in `#ukrainian` and Ukrainian communities is a plus

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You speak Ukrainian on a near-native level; being active in `#ukrainian` and Ukrainian communities is a plus.
```

> - You speak Portuguese on a near-native level; being active in `#portuguese` and Portuguese communities is a plus

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You speak Portuguese on a near-native level; being active in `#portuguese` and Portuguese communities is a plus.
```

> - You are online and available to moderate and react to reports in the Australia/Asia timezones

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You are online and available to moderate and react to reports in the Australia/Asia timezones.
```

> - You actively browse and/or participate in forum discussions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You actively browse and/or participate in forum discussions.
```

---

> If you fit the above-mentioned criteria, **click here to apply!** Feel free to take your time when answering the questions, but don't take too long as the applications will remain **open for 2 weeks**, closing on **March XX, 2025 23:59 UTC+0**.

Reviewer: pr desc checkbox is nice but i recommend making it a placeholder link so ci fails and blocks the pr too

Author: https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/12928/commits/a166066e22b4b2cdfc3f5d55c8f424ffeaf93eb5

> We are expecting a large amount of applications, so please bear with us as we take the appropriate time to go through all of them. We will be reaching out to promising members in a few weeks after the applications close, so please stay patient!

Reviewer: "so" twice

```suggestion
Since there may be a large number of applications, please bear with us as we take the appropriate time to go through all of them. We will be reaching out to promising members in a few weeks after the applications close, so please stay patient!
```
